websrc/source/documents/community/index.md, before:

---
layout: "documents"
page_title: "Contiv Community"
sidebar_current: "community"
description: |-
  Community
---

# Community

We want your Container Networking project to be a success. Contiv is fully open sourced. Here are the channels we use to communicate and contribute:

- For questions and inquiries, sign up for our [Slack channel](https://contiv.herokuapp.com/) and you can ask the team questions in real-time. This is the preferred method for obtaining community support. Alternatively, you may also use [contiv-users](mailto:contiv-users@external.cisco.com) mailer list.

- To file a bug or feature request, log an issue in appropriate repo on [Github](https://github.com/contiv). 

- For the latest on Contiv development, follow our [blog](http://blogs.cisco.com/tag/contiv), or subscribe to [contiv-update](mailto:contiv-update@external.cisco.com) mailer list.

# Contributing

We welcome community contributions! Please see the CONTRIBUTING.md file in the respective Contiv repository for instructions on how to submit changes. If you are planning on making elaborate or controversial changes, please discuss them on the [contiv-dev](contiv-dev@external.cisco.com) mailing list before sending a pull request. 

# Governance

Contiv is structured as multiple projects, each project consisting of multiple github repositories. Each project has a list of assigned committers - individuals responsible for merging PRs into repos, and arbitrators of dispute. For full description, please see the GOVERNANCE.md file in the respective contiv repository.

# Commercial Support
Interested in commercial support? Reach out [to us](mailto:contiv-support@external.cisco.com) and we can discuss your options. Full support matrix for each Contiv version is listed [here](/documents/support/supportmatrix/index.html).
 

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-10 col-md-offset-1" style="position:absolute; top:90%;">
        <hr>
            <p style="text-align: center"><font color="black">Copyright &copy; 2017 Cisco and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.</font>
            </p>
    </div>
</div>

Commit message:

Adding governance structure
This PR adds basics to Contiv governance. Each repo will have a
GOVERNANCE.md file that will just point to the GOVERNANCE in contiv
docs, so that we don't have to changes in multple places.

Signed-off-by: Himanshu Raj <rhim@users.noreply.github.com>

websrc/source/documents/community/index.md, after:

---
layout: "documents"
page_title: "Contiv Community"
sidebar_current: "community"
description: |-
  Community
---

# Community

We want your Container Networking project to be a success. Contiv is fully open sourced. Here are the channels we use to communicate and contribute:

- For questions and inquiries, sign up for our [Slack channel](https://contiv.herokuapp.com/) and you can ask the team questions in real-time. This is the preferred method for obtaining community support.

- To file a bug or feature request, log an issue in appropriate repo on [Github](https://github.com/contiv). For more deatils, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.html).

- For the latest on Contiv development, follow our [blog](http://blogs.cisco.com/tag/contiv), or subscribe to [contiv-update](mailto:contiv-update@external.cisco.com) mailer list.

# Contributing

We welcome community contributions! Please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.html) for general contribution guidelines. More specific guidelines are specified under CONTRIBUTING.md file in the respective Contiv repositories. If you are planning on making elaborate or controversial changes, please discuss them via github issues, as outlined in CONTRIBUTING.md.

# Governance

Contiv is structured as multiple projects, each project consisting of multiple github repositories. Each project has a list of assigned committers - individuals responsible for merging PRs into repos, and arbitrators of dispute. See [GOVERNANCE.md](GOVERNANCE.html) for more details.

# Commercial Support
Interested in commercial support? Reach out [to us](mailto:contiv-support@external.cisco.com) and we can discuss your options. Full support matrix for each Contiv version is listed [here](/documents/support/supportmatrix/index.html).
 

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-10 col-md-offset-1" style="position:absolute; top:90%;">
        <hr>
            <p style="text-align: center"><font color="black">Copyright &copy; 2017 Cisco and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.</font>
            </p>
    </div>
</div>
