websrc/source/documents/gettingStarted/networking/bgp.md, before:

---
layout: "documents"
page_title: "L3 BGP setup"
sidebar_current: "getting-started-networking-installation-bgp"
description: |-
  Setting up an L3 BGP setup
---

## Setting Up Contiv in a BGP L3 Setup
This document describes how to configure the Contiv infrastructure in L3 native VLAN mode.

##Steps to bring up a contiv cluster with routing capabilites:

![bgp](bgp_arch.png)


##Provision the host nodes with required services

Please follow the [prequesite] and [download] steps in the [demo installer] page. This would enable installation of all the required packages , versions of the binary that would be needed to bring up the contiv infrastrure services. At the end of these steps netplugin , netmaster would be started in routing mode. Once the prerequiste is completed please start the installer script.

```
$chmod +x net_demo_installer
$./net_demo_installer -l
```
The net_demo_installer will create a cfg.yaml template file on the first run.

The [cfg.yaml] for the demo topology is as shown below.

```
CONNECTION_INFO:
      172.29.205.224:
        control: eth1
        data: eth7
      172.29.205.255:
        control: eth1
        data: eth6
```
Note: As shown in the topo diagram data interface should be the uplink interface and not the management interface of the server.

Rerun the installer after filling up the cfg.yaml.

```
./net_demo_installer -l
```

[demo installer]: <https://github.com/contiv/demo/tree/master/net>
[prequesite]: <https://github.com/contiv/demo/tree/master/net#pre-requisites>
[download]: <https://github.com/contiv/demo/tree/master/net#step-1-download-the-installer-script>
[cfg.yaml]: <https://github.com/contiv/demo/blob/master/net/extras/sample_cfg.yml>

Commit message:

Edited and cleaned up Getting Started/Networking documentation.

websrc/source/documents/gettingStarted/networking/bgp.md, after:

---
layout: "documents"
page_title: "L3 BGP setup"
sidebar_current: "getting-started-networking-installation-bgp"
description: |-
  Setting up an L3 BGP setup
---

# Installing Contiv in a BGP L3 Setup

This page describes how to configure the Contiv infrastructure in L3 native VLAN mode.

The following figure shows a Contiv cluster with routing capabilites:

![bgp](bgp_arch.png)

## Prerequisites

Follow the [Prerequisites](install-swarm.html#Prerequisites) and [Download](install-swarm.html#Download)
steps on the [Swarm Cluster](install-swarm.html) installation page. 
These steps install all of the required packages and binaries needed to start the Contiv infrastrure services. 

## Step 1: Run the Installer Script
Use the following command to run the installer script:

```
$chmod +x net_demo_installer
$./net_demo_installer -l
```
The `net_demo_installer` creates a `cfg.yaml` template file on the first run.

## Step 2: Specify the Configuration
Edit the `cfg.yaml` file to specify the interfaces and IP addresses of your cluster nodes.

The configuration file for a simple demo topology is shown below. A sample configuration file can be 
downloaded [here](extras/sample_cfg.yml).

```
CONNECTION_INFO:
      172.29.205.224:
        control: eth1
        data: eth7
      172.29.205.255:
        control: eth1
        data: eth6
```
*Note*: As shown in the topology diagram, the server's data interface,
not the management interface, should be the uplink interface.

## Step 3: Rerun the Installer
Rerun the installer after editing the `cfg.yaml` file.

```
./net_demo_installer -l
```
